    We are living in an era of making the impossible things to be the mostly possible things. Imagine yourself as a person having no knowledge on drawings but willing to gift a drawing to someone.In that case what anyone can think of is how fortune it will be if a drawing that you wish comes out within much less time and with not much efforts. Yes! One such a thing is obtaining a cartoon image.Cartooning an image is a computer vision application done using python language. we have developed the project in such a way that the user can get cartoonized image for whatever image input he gives. The user can also save the output cartoonized image. Unlike many other softwares the resulting image will be saved in the same path of user’s input reducing the mess to search for it again. Also the output for the given input will be shown showing variations in the process to obtain cartoon.
    Image processing is widely processed in the medical field such as in the MRI/ET scans. The amount of research in the image processing has helped to acquire early detection of tumors. There playing the vital role in the field of Biology. These extended concepts have enabled to build better security systems which ensure safety. The recent technology of fingerprint unlock, face detection unlock has resulted in developing an efficient security. The techniques installed in the social media platforms like facebook, instagram apprehending to its success with enhanced user experience. The basic concept in this project is to apply some conversions and filters to obtain a beautiful cartoon image.
    
